[Docs] Guide on setting query context (#18179)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/tutorial-query.md

:::

> 9. Finally, click  `...`  and **Edit context** to see how you can add additional parameters controlling the execution of the query execution. In the field, enter query context options as JSON key-value pairs, as described in [Context flags](../querying/query-context-reference.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Finally, click  `...`  and **Edit context** to see how you can add additional parameters controlling the execution of the query execution. In the field, enter query context options as JSON key-value pairs, as described in [Set query context](../querying/set-query-context.md#druid-web-console).  
```
